(CNN) -- It's been a year since Steve Irwin, the environmentalist and TV host best known as the "Crocodile Hunter," died. He was killed September 4, 2006, by a stingray barb to the chest while filming an underwater documentary off Australia's northern coast. Joseph Krygier shot this photo of a memorial in August 2007 at the Australia Zoo in Beerwah, Australia. Irwin's death prompted a global outpouring of grief from fans, children and hundreds of early I-Report contributors, who shared photos, videos and memories with CNN shortly after he died. A year since, we asked CNN.com readers what they think his legacy will be, and how they are remembering him this year. Here is a selection of their responses: . Carol Shahan of Wilmington, Delaware In April, my Girl Scout Service Unit held an encampment. The event lasted Friday-Sunday and over 350 girls and leaders attended. Our theme was "Crikey! Let's go camping -- a tribute to the conservation legacy of Steve Irwin." The girls learned about how they can help conserve their part of the world and contributed funds to the Wildlife Warriors through a coin drive. Patrick Rodrigue of Montreal, Quebec We met Steve and his wife and small entourage at an elephant safari park in Bali, Indonesia, in June 2004 during our honeymoon. We were having lunch when we saw him at the table next to us. He was on vacation and he still came over to our table to say "Hello Mates!" and pose for a picture. Helen Osada of Hong Kong I never get tired of watching Steve Irwin and his family on Animal Planet even though they are all reruns. He had real charisma unlike most other wildlife enthusiasts. And that he shared so much with us including his family says a lot about his generosity. His death was a great loss to us all. I really miss him. Melissa Amundsen Wells of Greensboro, North Carolina Steve Irwin taught my daughter and myself that all animals deserve respect and protection, not just the furry cute ones. Every animal on the planet has a unique purpose and he conveyed that better than anyone else. His love for his work was a real inspiration to my whole family. We miss you Steve. Mirad Maglic of Sarajevo, Bosnia In my opinion, his unorthodox style, love for all things living and dedication to wildlife preservation made Steve a hero with a legacy that compares to what Elvis did for the rock music. I just hope that others will follow in his tracks, just as his wonderful daughter is doing. Donna Beckum of Orab, Ohio It was a great honor to watch Bindi's show several times this past weekend. She is sure a chip off the ol' block! I will never forget Steve and his remarkable quest. I will continue to watch Bindi and all of the "Crocodile Hunter" episodes that are rerun. You just never get tired of watching them. I pray that God blesses Terri and her children and that Bindi continues to carry on where her daddy left off. Steve Irwin was an icon and certainly made a difference. He will never be forgotten! John Hock of Alpharetta, Georgia Met him in March of '06. He was on his motorbike in the zoo with his son on the front of the bike. He had is hat and sunglasses on. We were over by the camels. I yelled "Steve ..." He said "G'Day" to me. Then he was off to the pens behind the crocoseum. Even that brief meeting had an effect on me. To meet someone