(CNN) -- On video, Joran van der Sloot says he "didn't lose a minute of sleep" over knowing Natalee Holloway's motionless body had been taken out to sea and dumped. Joran van der Sloot awaits transfer from the Netherlands to Aruba in November. He later was released. In the video that aired Sunday on Dutch television, van der Sloot, a suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Holloway, told a man he was with the Alabama teen on an Aruban beach when she apparently died and that a friend of his with a boat disposed of Holloway's body. "He went out to sea and then he threw her out, like an old rag," van der Sloot told Aruban businessman Patrick van der Eem January 16. Van der Eem recorded their conversations on hidden cameras installed in the Range Rover he was driving, according to the Dutch TV report. Watch van der Sloot on hidden camera » . On the tapes, van der Sloot also says that he wasn't certain Holloway was dead before his friend dumped her body in the ocean. "No, but it didn't look good," he said, when van der Eem asked him if he checked her pulse or other vital signs. "I wasn't [expletive] sure, but from the time it happened to the time he came, she wasn't doing anything any more." Aruba's chief prosecutor, Hans Mos, called the account that aired "very impressive" and announced he was reopening the investigation. Van der Sloot later said the statements were lies, and on Monday his attorney said the video contains "no admission of a crime." In the video, van der Sloot says Holloway and her friends begged him to go out with them the night of May 29, 2005. The Dutch student said he and two friends -- brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe -- met the women at a bar in Oranjestad. When they arrived, he said, the women appeared to have been drinking heavily and some were using cocaine. Holloway was in Aruba with about 100 classmates celebrating their graduation from Mountain Brook High School in suburban Birmingham, Alabama. After declining an invitation from Holloway to dance on stage with her, he agreed to drink a shot of liquor from her navel as she lay on the bar, he said. About 1 a.m. May 30, he said, she left the bar with him and the Kalpoes, telling her friends she would meet them at their hotel before their planned return flight the next day to the United States, he said. The three men previously told authorities they then drove to the beach with Holloway, leaving her there when she told them she wanted to stay. But van der Sloot gave a different account in the hidden-camera footage. He said he wanted to have sex with Holloway, but she told him she did not want to go to her hotel. Instead, she said, she wanted to see sharks, he told the informant. The two brothers then used their car to drive van der Sloot and Holloway to the beach by the hotel and left them, van der Sloot said. He and Holloway then had sex, he said. But as they were caressing each other, she started shaking, then said nothing, he said. "All of a sudden, what she did was like in a movie," he said. "She was shaking, it was awful. ... I prodded her, there was nothing." He said he panicked and, when she did not appear to be alive, shook her but was unable to resuscitate her. He said he carried her body to a stand