CNN Student News -- June 29, 2007 . Transcript . THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED. CARL AZUZ, CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR: Thanks for checking out our latest summer edition of CNN Student News, where today's show, all about tech. I'm Carl Azuz. A college professor has found a way for his students to listen to his lectures even when they're not in the classroom. And we talk to students and experts to find out some of the ways technology is being used in schools. First Up: Gadget Gifts . AZUZ: It's better to give than to receive. You've probably heard it a hundred times. But when that gift is for a techie, there's a gaggle of gadgets to go through. So how do you know which present to pick? Reynolds Wolf is here to help with the breakdown on some cool tech toys. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) REYNOLDS WOLF, CNN REPORTER: Are you searching for that perfect gift, but you are just a little bit stumped? Well, no worries. Brian Cooley from CNET.com is here to help us out, steer us clear and hopefully give us some great ideas. And I know you have some great ideas for us. BRIAN COOLEY, EDITOR-AT-LARGE, CNET.COM: Look at these beauties. First of all, for gaming, you know the Nintendo Wii is hot, but you can't find one? The Nintendo DS Light is a pretty good placeholder. The dual screen that it's known for, they've slimmed it down from its original DS. And of course that great legacy of all those great Nintendo games. And pretty cheep. For $130 or less you can get one of these. That's very affordable. Check out this music player, Reynolds. It's gonna be the next kind of iPod. It's from SanDisk. It's called the Sansa Connect. That little bump is a WiFi antenna. This can connect wirelessly to the Internet or to other devices like it to share music, download music and stream Internet radio. That is really the future of iPod-like devices. If you want to give a phone, but you also want to give a music player, this one does both. NOKIA's 5300 Music Express is a great music player. It's not an iPod, but it's not bad. Transport controls and volume buttons out here tell you that it's something different. And then for a camera, I like this very flat Sony T100. It's pocket-size, which is very hot these days. Nice slide-down door. 8 mega pixels, image stabilization and a great big screen for sharing photos. WOLF: Brian Cooley of CNET.com, thank you so much. COOLEY: You bet. (END VIDEO CLIP) Shoutout . GEORGE RAMSAY, CNN STUDENT NEWS: Time for the Shoutout! When did the first iPod debut? If you think you know it, shout it out. Was it: A) 1997, B) 1999, C) 2001 or D) 2003? You've got three seconds -- Go! If you guessed C, you've got the right tune. The popular portable players first made the scene in the fall of 2001. That's your answer and that's your Shoutout! Tech in the Classroom . AZUZ: Whether it's an iPod, Sony, Samsung or Zune, it seems like you can't go anywhere these days without seeing people plugged in to some type of MP3 player. And if you're on a college campus, you might think students walking around with their ear buds in are listening to music. But don't be fooled. They could just be studying up for class. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) AZUZ: Walk around any college campus and those famous