(InStyle.com) -- A hit TV show. An Emmy. A summer blockbuster. A new company. A wedding! Katherine Heigl has every reason to smile for our camera. A star -- and a trio of gorgeous looks -- is born. The Ingénue: "This is my favorite look of the three just because it's sexy but not overtly so," Heigl says. "I like simple hair and makeup." There has been a self-tanning mishap . As Katherine Heigl crosses the parking lot of the sandwich shop at the Roosevelt Golf Course at Griffith Park in Los Angeles, she walks stiffly, holding her arms away from her like a paper doll and apologizing profusely for running 10 minutes late. Earlier, she'd sprayed her entire body with self-tanner, which refused to dry. She resorted to having her fiancé, musician Josh Kelley, take a blow-dryer to her (didn't work). So here she is, in a strapless, ankle-length Juicy Couture sundress (donned to accommodate the residual stickiness), fanning herself and wondering how mottled the tan will be when (or if) the lotion ever sets. Not that one bum experience could turn her off beauty products. "I love everything new," says Heigl, 28, who, in addition to being nominated for an Emmy for best supporting actress on "Grey's Anatomy," just started a production company at Fox. "When I was in Rhode Island filming this summer, I went to Sephora for the first time. It was like my holy mecca." She recently had her bathroom vanity renovated with a high counter to make more room for the large drawers below that hold her well-organized loot. Then there's her deal with Coty to be the face of Nautica's new women's fragrance in January. Considering this fondness for all things beauty -- as well as Heigl's impressive acting range -- she plays TV dramedy as deftly as cinematic romantic comedy, as in the mega-hit "Knocked Up" and next year's 27 Dresses -- it seems natural for her to be In Style's first ever triple-cover girl. These three looks take her from girl-next-door to red-carpet knockout to pixie-coiffed vamp. The star, whom pals call Katie (and Hollywood calls the Next Big Thing), popped out her retainer to talk about makeup, breakouts and what boys like. KATHERINE HEIGL: I'm so sorry, I have to take out my Invisalign before I eat. IN STYLE: Who knew you wore them? I guess that's the point of Invisalign. KH: I got them because of this wonky tooth. I was like, OK, I can't take it. It's awesome because every two weeks you switch to a new retainer. Pretty much the perfect way to describe Invisalign is Netflix for your teeth. IS: Right -- the things we do for beauty. So, how did you like being transformed into three such different looks? KH: It was fun. I was working with such great hair and makeup people. And to have these professionals turning you into someone else is pretty neat. IS: Do you ever go without makeup? KH: There was a time when I would. Now that I get followed by photographers, I'm really paranoid about it. I do not want to be the "Look What This Celebrity Looks Like Without Makeup" picture. I'm clearly vain, and I don't need that. Plus, I like products. IS: How often do you go through your drawers and purge? KH: Often, because people send me a lot of stuff now, which is exciting. I love getting those boxes. [Into the tape recorder:] Send me a box of makeup, Stila! When that happens, I feel like I have to clean out and give