(InStyle.com) -- We asked five stars for their innermost thoughts on perfume, then chose the season's best new scents . Beyonce: "I'll stick with one scent for five or six years. I'll wear it all the time." Beyoncé . What was your first perfume? 273 by Fred Hayman. I wore it when I was a teenager. My mom used to wear it, and I stole it. (Fred Hayman 273, $55/2.5 fl. oz.; fragrancenet.com) What images would pop into your head if you smelled it now? Getting ready, curling my hair, putting my makeup on, going out to a party. And my mother, my childhood, my house. What does your house smell like? Vanilla. Warm and sweet. I have a lot of Diptyque candles around the house. Even when I'm away, I have someone burn them. I like having the scent in my pillows. (Diptyque Opopanax candle, $55; bergdorfgoodman.com) You're the face of Emporio Armani Diamonds, which has rose and raspberry notes. What's it like? Soft, sweet and comforting. Yesterday I had a day off, which is rare, and I took a long bath. When I got out, I was by myself and knew I would be all day, but I still sprayed it on. (Emporio Armani Diamonds, $50/1.7 fl. oz.; at Macy's) What other scents do you like? My favorite scent is my mother's cooking: her yams and her soul food. They smell like love, like being full and happy. How about men's cologne? I like [anything by] Creed. (Creed Original Santal, $110/1 fl. oz.; neimanmarcus.com) Emmy Rossum . What fragrance did your mom wear while you were growing up? Lancôme Trésor. It still reminds me of watching her get ready to go out at night. (Lancôme Trésor, $81/3.4 fl. oz.; lancome-usa.com) What was your first perfume? I got Elizabeth Taylor White Diamonds for my sixth birthday. I felt so sophisticated! I'd put my mom's red lipstick on my lips and cheeks, wear her high heels and spray the fragrance all over myself and the house. (Elizabeth Taylor White Diamonds, $65/3.3 fl. oz.; perfumania.com) Which kind of fragrances are you usually drawn to? I like ones that are clean, feminine, and not so famous that they are immediately recognizable. I [rarely] tell anyone what scent I wear -- it's a woman's most precious sensual secret. Can you let us in on some of your all-time favorites? My favorite is Miss Dior Chérie. It's classic and feminine, but flirty. I wear it to lunch, to dinner parties, to the beach, skiing and to big occasions like the Oscars, when I want to feel especially glamorous. (Miss Dior Chérie, $65/1.7 fl. oz.; at Nordstrom) What men's scent do you like? Angel Men. It's masculine and very appealing without being too strong. (Thierry Mugler Angel Men, $102/3.4 fl. oz.; bloomingdales.com) Which kind of smells are you attracted to for soaps, shampoos, lotions and home fragrances? I like traditional Johnson's No More Tears baby shampoo and Kérastase products. I like vanilla and pomegranate for soaps. My favorite candle is Jo Malone Wild Fig & Cassis. Do you wear perfume when you're acting? Always, especially during intimate kissing scenes! I wear something that is sensual but not too obvious. Sarah Jessica Parker . How is your new fragrance, Covet, different from Lovely, the first one you helped create? Lovely is very polite. It's the girl you marry, and Covet is the girl you date, you know? Covet is fun, slightly wanton, desperate. It's for a stop-at-nothing-to-get-what-you-want kind of a girl. (Sarah Jessica Parker Covet, $52/1.7 fl. oz.; macys.com) What was the first scent you wore?