(CNN) -- CNN.com reader Kristy O'Connor took a prenatal yoga class with Heath Ledger and Michelle Williams and says she was "in awe of his devotion and attention to Michelle." Reader Dena Michnowih says she came across Ledger in Brooklyn, New York, teaching his young daughter Matilda her right from her left, and was enchanted. Heath Ledger is pictured with crew of the 2005 film "Lords of Dogtown" and members of the Zephyr skating team. CNN.com asked readers to share their memories of Ledger, who was found dead in a New York apartment Tuesday, January 22. Famous for his roles in the films, "The Patriot" and "Lords of Dogtown," Ledger was widely acclaimed for his portrayal of the homosexual cowboy Ennis del Mar in 2005's "Brokeback Mountain." CNN.com readers describe meeting Ledger in person, and call him humble and kind. Below are a selection of their responses, some of which have been edited for length and clarity. Donal Logue, actor, of Los Angeles, California I met Heath eight years ago while working on "The Patriot." He became a star while we were sequestered away in a small town in South Carolina based on the strength of the dailies going back to Los Angeles. Heath was a fantastically kind and sweet young man. He surrounded himself with his friends from Australia and never forgot any of us he ever worked with. I last saw him in Australia when he called my name on a Melbourne street and introduced me to Michelle, his (then) pregnant [girlfriend]. I have great memories of going for runs with him or watching a bootleg copy of a Parker and Stone's musical called "Cannibal! The Musical of the Donner Party Tragedy." Heath must have been in a place of great pain and sadness to be split from his wife and child. He was sensitive and unfairly victimized in his native country by the unfortunate Australian custom called the "tall poppy syndrome" in which an Australian, the second he or she achieves global success, is immediately and arbitrarily accused of losing all of their humanity. Not true. He was a sweet person, and less importantly, an unbelievably talented actor. Maybe the best of his generation. Dan Bova of Larchmont, New York Once when I was driving in Brooklyn, I got a flat tire. As I was jacking up my car, this deep voice from behind me said, "Need a hand?" It was Heath Ledger. I couldn't believe it. He helped jack up my car and change the tire. He was really good with tools! R. of Perth, Western Australia I grew up with Heath around the speedway racing circuit. I remember the night he was a little boy and his Dad was racing speed cars at Claremont Speedway (my dad was in the race, too). His dad was coming 3rd then in the final corner, the two lead cars spun out and Heath's dad Kim took the lead and won the State Title race. Heath was standing a couple of rows in front of me with his mum and sister and they were all so excited, jumping up and down and cheering. He was about as happy as a little boy could be watching his dad become a champion. I remember that night because in the years that followed, I saw his parents marriage break up and it was like there was this moment in his childhood of pure joy that I witnessed. Later Heath would pit crew for Graham Jones, and I crewed for my dad and brother. Heath and I were both the youngest on our